# Time-Series-Analysis-Predictions-Of-Stock-Market-Data-Using-Deep-Learning-Techniques

Stock market consists of various buyers and sellers. The stock market value is dynamic. It means the stock market value is changed day by day. Actually, stock has been represented as shares. The owner of the share may be an individual or group of peoples. In this current economic condition stock market value prediction is the critical task because the data is dynamic. Stock market prediction means to find the future value of the stock on a financial exchange. The expected prediction output to be accurate, efficient and robust value. 

Traditionally the stock values are predicted by using stock related news. But it does not provide a better result. Wrong prediction of stock value leads to heavy loss. Machine learning concepts play a very important role in various domains. It is also used to predict the stock market value with the help of collected data. This project describes about stock market value prediction using machine learning technique. This proposed concept is implemented by python programming language. This machine learning concept produces better prediction result compared with other machine learning techniques.In our project we will be using the algorithms such as Decision Tree (DT) and Artificial Neural Network (ANN) and for analyzing our results.

Actually, traders buy the shares for less price and sales the same shares at high rate. Now stock market value prediction is one of the key research areas in current economic condition. Stock value analysis is divided into two categories. The first type is called fundamental analysis. In this analysis perform by using various parameters like political climate, current condition of the organization and economic level. The investors take their decision based upon the above-mentioned attributes. The second type of the analysis is technical analysis. Here the stock values are predicted by using various statistical values generated by the organization such as past price condition and volumes of data. Stock market data is a dynamic data. Every day the stock market value is changed. So, traditional methods are not able to produce better result.

In this current scenario machine learning concepts are used in various fields. Traders are used various machine learning algorithms to predict the stock value. These algorithms are generating better result compared with traditional methods. Multivariate analysis with time series data is also used to predict the stock value. This proposed machine learning SVM concept uses historical data for predicting stock market value. The main aim of the proposed concept is gaining the market value with the help of machine learning approach. The main objective of this proposed concept is to avoid unpredictable share value decision making. The stock market value is fluctuated condition.
